sources/README.md, before:

# Open Sans – First Peoples of British Columbia
## Build processes and documentation
These are `.glyphs` files for [Glyphs](https://glyphsapp.com) font editor on macOS ( Version 2.5.1 (1141) ) at time of this writing (2018-06-23). These sources cover the standard weights and styles of Open Sans.

I did not have other source files, so these were converted by opening and saving the binaries (`.ttf`) from Google Fonts.

If you would like these sources as `.vfb` for FontLab, `.sfd` for FontForge, `.ufo` for other purposes, then please contact me jon@roaringsky.ca. Some monkey-business may be necessary, but I'll do what I can.

### For Webfonts

In **Glyphs**

- Select **File** > **Export** > **Webfont**

and then make the following selections:

- TrueType **on**
- Autohint **selected**
- WOFF **selected**
- WOFF2 **selected**
- EOT **selected**

### For OTF + TTF

In **Glyphs**

- Select **File** > **Export** > **OTF**

and then make the following selections:

- Remove Overlap **selected**
- Autohint **selected**
- Save as TTF **selected**

Commit message:

Clarified the soources/README.md
Addressed naming issue in the semi- weights, and made a non-sensical sentence more sensical.

sources/README.md, after:

# Open Sans – First Peoples of British Columbia
## Build processes and documentation

### Sources

These are `.glyphs` files for [Glyphs](https://glyphsapp.com) font editor on macOS ( Version 2.5.1 (1141) ). At time of this writing (2018-06-23) these sources cover the standard weights and styles of Open Sans.

I did not have other source files, so these were converted by opening and saving the binaries (`.ttf`) from Google Fonts.

## Filename Note {Semibold, SemiBold}
I started work on this using copies of the .ttf files before _Semibold_ and _SemboldItalic_ were renamed _SemiBold_ and _SemiBoldItalic_ respectively. This will be corrected in a revision after coverage is completed in all weights. Eventually we'll track Open Sans, especially as this project nears its [second goal](../README/#goals).

If you would like these sources as `.vfb` for FontLab, `.sfd` for FontForge, `.ufo` for other purposes, then please contact me jon@roaringsky.ca. Some monkey-business may be necessary, but I'll do what I can.

### For Webfonts

In **Glyphs**

- Select **File** > **Export** > **Webfont**

and then make the following selections:

- TrueType **on**
- Autohint **selected**
- WOFF **selected**
- WOFF2 **selected**
- EOT **selected**

### For OTF + TTF

In **Glyphs**

- Select **File** > **Export** > **OTF**

and then make the following selections:

- Remove Overlap **selected**
- Autohint **selected**
- Save as TTF **selected**
